Feat: Add behavior tracking for views (#21)
Relewise/relewise-ui-components: packages/web-components/README.md

            }
        }
    });
```

### Tracking

These components do not render any html but they do send behavioral tracking data to Relewise.

#### Product view
This component sends a [track product view](https://docs.relewise.com/docs/developer/implementation-steps.html#_2-add-behavioral-tracking) request to Relewise.

```html
<relewise-track-product-view product-id="PRODUCT_ID"></relewise-track-product-view>
```
##### Attributes

- **product-id**:
    
    The id of the product that has been viewed.

- **variant-id** (Optional):
    
    The id of the variant that has been viewed.

#### Product category view
This component sends a [track product category view](https://docs.relewise.com/docs/developer/implementation-steps.html#_2-add-behavioral-tracking) request to Relewise.

```html
<relewise-track-product-category-view id-path="ID_PATH"></relewise-track-product-category-view>
```
##### Attributes

- **id-path**:
    
    The id path of the category id.

>     The path should be formattet as ids sepparated with a forward slash ("/").

Author: Check 👍

    E.g.: "parent-category-1/child-category-2/child-category-4"

#### Content view
This component sends a [track content view](https://docs.relewise.com/docs/developer/implementation-steps.html#_2-add-behavioral-tracking) request to Relewise.

```html
<relewise-track-content-view content-id="CONTENT_ID"></relewise-track-content-view>
```
##### Attributes

- **content-id**:
    
    The id of the content that has been viewed.

#### Content category view
This component sends a [track content category view](https://docs.relewise.com/docs/developer/implementation-steps.html#_2-add-behavioral-tracking) request to Relewise.

```html
<relewise-track-content-category-view id-path="ID_PATH"></relewise-track-content-category-view>
```
##### Attributes

- **id-path**:
    
    The id path of the category id.

>     The path should be formattet as ids sepparated with a forward slash ("/").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The path should be formatted as ids separated by a forward slash ("/").
```

Author: Check 👍
